c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Models.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Models.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\obj\Debug\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\obj\Debug\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Studio27SalonOfBeauty\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data\obj\Debug\Studio27SalonOfBeauty.Data.pdb
